1) Whata are the build-in data types in Pythion?
Data types in python are
-int
-float
-bool
-dict

2) Difference between list and tuples in python?
Lists :
- It is Mutable.
-Consumes more memory.
-Iteration is Slower and Time consuming.
- Many built-in methods are available.

Tuples :
- It is Immutable.
-Consumes less memory.
- Iteration is Faster.
- Doesnt not have many built-in methods. 
3)How can you convert string to an integer in python?
a_str = "15"
a_int = int(a_str)
print(a_int)

4)How do you check the data type of a variable in Python?
-The simplest way to check the data type of an object in Python is to use the built-in type() function. 
-This function returns the data type of the given object.
a=20
print(type(a))
b=[1,2,3]
print(type(b))
c=1.2
print(type(c))
d="Good" print(type(d)) 

5) Explain the concept of mutable and immutable data types in Python.
Mutable objects are those that allow you to change their value or data in place without affecting the object’s identity. 
In contrast, immutable objects don’t allow this kind of operation. You’ll just have the option of creating new objects of the same type with different values

6)How can you create a dictionary in Python?
In Python, a dictionary can be created by placing a sequence of elements within curly {} braces, separated by a ‘comma’.
The dictionary holds pairs of values, one being the Key and the other corresponding pair element being its Key:value.
Values in a dictionary can be of any data type and can be duplicated, whereas keys can’t be repeated and must be immutable.

7) What is the purpose of the id() function in Python?
The python id() function is used to return a unique identification value of the object stored in the memory.
8) How do you remove an element from a list in Python?
The remove() method removes the specified element from the set. 
Normally there are three ways to remove elements from from a list in python
i. The Remove() Method
ii. The pop() Method
iii.Using del operator
iv. The Clear() Method

Ex:
Seasons = ['Summer','Winter','Rainy']
Seasons.remove('Winter')
print(Seasons)

9)What is the purpose of the len() function in Python?
The len() function in Python is used to quickly determine the length or the number of items in a acollection, such as string, tuple, list, dictionary, or any other object.
It returns an integer representing the length of the given object.

10)How do you check if a variable is of a certain data type in Python?

11)What is a set in Python? How is it different from a list?
Set :
-Set is mutable.
-It is unordered collection of items.List :
-List is mutable.
It is ordered collection of items.

12)How can you convert a list to a tuple in Python?
We can convert a list into a tuple using tuple(), using tuple(list_name).
ex:
lista = [1,8,9,15]
print(lista)
tuplea = tuple(lista)
print(tuplea) 13)How can you convert a float to an integer in Python?
Number = 15.2
print("Before conversion")
print(Number)
Number = int(Number)
print("After conversion")
print(Number)
